* I affirm this message

[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb3g3lzOl70][youtube.com: The most eloquent, well spoken street preacher I've ever heard! | Preaching Times Square, NYC]]

good afternoon it is an honor to be able
to stand before you
here at Times Square New York City
a privilege that I am undeserving and
unworthy oath
but my friends each of us that we may
come from a different place locations
speaking different languages growing up
in different cultures identifying with
different things and being led to
believe and be deceived different lives
that are offered to us by this world
that is one truth that is an anchor for
our feet in a foundation that whenever
we shake it the Lord is God's Sovereign
over all of Creation in every nation
throughout each generation God is above
time intense and space and matter The
God Who has no need for anyone or
anything involved chose to make you and
I
he created us for a perfect and personal
relationship with him we have invaded
the image of a God who was Everlasting
we have been created in the likeness of
a being this eternal because of that our
souls and our spirits will spend
eternity somewhere
we were created not just to believe in
God to acknowledge his existence we were
created to believe God to trust and to
try to defend upon his character to hang
on every word that he has spoken
but all of us like sheep have turned
away we have all walked in our own
strength of our friends there are
consequences for our actions
repercussions for Rebellion death and
disease and destruction that was that
are part of God's design or his desire
for us to endure our sin had brought
suffering and sickness and sadness
though that was never what he wanted on
this Earth
and yet it is deep and unfailing love
God chose to make a way and he stepped
in when he every right to step back
and he is offering you the greatest
invitation the most important offering
the 2022 years ago with the political
point of all creation the very
culmination of our history and the Crux
of humanity God fulfilled what he had
foretold he had provided for his promise
and he sent the Savior this Messiah the
anointed one who's coming into the world
was no accident it was not a happens to
answer a coincidence but it was promised
before the foundations of the Earth
God sent Jesus to be Christ the Messiah
the savior of the world the only one in
whom we can put our homes
he is not just a religious man that died
for a good cause or this historical
feeling that laid down his life for
something he believed in
but the promised one the one in whom God
was pleased of all his bonus dwell that
Jesus Christ Reigns as the visible image
of the invisible God and he said when
you have seen me you have seen the
father he said I and the father are one
that we can put our trust in no religion
no religion will ever save us
for the word religion and Latin it means
to bind Buddhism Sikhism Hinduism Islam
Judaism will never be a solution
because it all offers the same
Foundation five pillars of faith born
over choose eight for path and Ten
Commandments but nothing you and I could
ever do could undo or outdo the wrong we
have done
no amount of money we can put in an
offering Plate hours that we could serve
at a temple or prayers that we could bow
down and pray to mosque and save our
souls a message is to the name that is
above every other name the path that God
has paid
the way that he has made through his son
Jesus Christ
and Jesus came and said I am the way and
the truth and the life no one comes to
the father except for me and you shall
know the truth and the truth shall set
you free so religion and Latin means
divine Jesus did not come to establish a
religion but to restore a relationship
to bring back what God had burned that
is an ember within our soul and our
spirit that the Commandments did not
come to bring condemnation but to bring
Revelation as a magnifying glass for our
soul and our spirit to recognize that
every human being is turned away from
the heart of God
and my friends whether our sin that we
become enslaved to the addiction that we
have developed is socially acceptable or
unacceptable and God's eyes is
detestable because no loving parent
approves of anything that divides them
from their child and my soul and poor is
and I plead and I beg you I cry out if
you have not turned your heart to the
heart of the Living God if you have not
surrendered your soul to the one who is
built as long as your breath and our
heart for the be nor is graciously
granted us the gift of life I cry out to
you my friends hell is a reality and
someone that loves this is going to be
willing to warn us or what is up ahead
they're going to be willing to speak
about the truth and tell you about what
we need to hear not just what we want to
hear that Jesus said there is a broad
Road the right gate that leads to
destruction and many are on it but he
said there's a narrow gate with a narrow
path that means in life and only a few
find it
when they came the disciples they asked
Jesus Lord Master teacher well many
people be in the Kingdom of Heaven
and it is then that the savior of the
world and the Son of God made one of the
most saddening sobering statements in
all of scripture
he said no truly I tell you that many
people would try to get into the kingdom
of heaven but would not be able
it is not as though God was trying to
make the path to Heaven exclusionary for
a certain amount of people know God's
desire
the Lord of all creation the god of
Abraham and Isaac and Jacob the maker of
the universe the creator of heaven and
death the Lord over Asia and African
Antarctica Northern South America of
Australia
and Europe his desire is that every
human being would repent and come to be
saved but it is not enough just to feel
sorry for our sin it is not enough just
to say a few simple words we must choose
to respond with our life and God is
bleeding with you my friend today in
this day the problem is not the drugs
that is not the alcohol the problem
isn't with pornography the problem isn't
with freedom of money the problem is
that God is not where we needed to be in
our life because we've not allowed him
to take his place
we've kicked the Lord off the Throne of
our heart and we have desired to walk in
our home strength we have decided to
Define our own terms what is right and
what is wrong what is good and what is
evil
see when a child goes away from their
parent it is Led that they are led to
destruction but Jesus said that in order
to enter the kingdom of heaven we must
have faith like a little child
it's the boy or girl believes the plans
to provide and protect them so we are
called to trust God to do the same but
we are guilty of idolatry that we have
put people over our pedestal and we have
idolized an athlete that's no better a
human being than your eyes we are built
to adultery that we have put other
things in the place of God and we have
worshiped and served and created things
like the one who created us and will be
forever praised
see Jesus said
I am the light of the world whoever
follows you no longer walk in darkness
but will have the light of life
but if we are walking without Christ and
we are living without the light and we
are being led to believe and be deceived
the lives of the world that will never
bring truth
but Jesus is the truth
he came to bring to life
and tomorrow is not promised end of the
day is not guaranteed and death is a
reality
just as God warned Adam and Eve of the
consequence the call if they chose to
rebel and eat off that tree so now all
of us are subject to death because we
ourselves have walked in iniquity
death is the biggest fear of many people
on this Earth and rightly so for the
physical aspects of death can be very
painful but there's an aspect of that
that is something so much more costly
than what could be experienced
physically it is eternal separation from
God because our souls and our spirits
will spend eternity somewhere
one day we will stand before the Lord
and every person will give an account
every deed done disclosed in darkness
will be brought out into life every word
that's been whisper underneath abruptly
proclaimed from the rooftops and my
friends God is calling us because he
takes this sin seriously this life
should not be taken lightly in a brief
moment in a single notice it can all be
gone and if we build our life upon our
family our finances our friends and our
future and it will fail us but if we
ain't going to Hope and build our life
upon the foundation of the promises the
word of God he says I will never leave
you I will never forsake you
in the beginning God created the heavens
and the Earth the Sun the moon the stars
along with all things near the plants
the animals and most importantly the
people
we're the only ones made in God's image
creating his likeness with gifts and
talents and abilities experiences and
opportunities of my friends regardless
of what brought you to New York City
this afternoon whether it be an annual
family vacation that you take each year
or does an attempt to escape your
mundane immediate life regardless how
far you traveled the mistakes that
you've made on the baggage and the
burden that the world tells you you need
to bear on your own shoulders Jesus said
come
all of you who are weary and burdened
and I will give you rest take my yoke
upon you and learn free from him gentle
and humble at heart and you will find
rest for your soul for my yoke is easy
and my burden is light
Our Generation we struggle with our
identity and our purpose we wonder why
we were born where we were born how we
were born
looking to please people when the
approval of man
or to be satisfied by searching for the
things of the world
but I've sold our Spirits they vote for
something so much more than just
temporary sustenance to sustain our
stomach every human being in the world
is Longing To Live for something we'll
die for but so many people in the world
are truly dying in search of something
though it's worth living for we're
looking for purpose and worth and
identity and value while searching for
The Learning in our place in this world
but the saddest part is that so many
people spend their time on surrounding
themselves in the crowd and attempt to
never acknowledge how lonely they really
are
I am working through for the Kingdom of
Heaven for something that will last
forever my friends he loves you
I never had a pair of those flowers but
I used to walk around the halls like
this trying to decrease my toes and made
the basketball team but my friends true
love is love that is willing to speak
about what needs to be spoken of and I'd
so much rather be hated in the world for
loving someone enough to tell them the
truth than to be loved in this world
we're hating someone else to tell them a
lie
my friends hell is a place of weeping
and gnashing of teeth not just where a
little devil runs around with a
pitchfork and horns and God does not
desire that anyone should go there in
fact he did everything he could possibly
do to make a way for each human being to
be saved but thirty percent of the world
is still without access to clean water
every three seconds someone is dying of
starvation 20 million slaves in the
world still exist with human and sex and
labor trafficking and oftentimes when
people see suffering we don't recognize
that the physical condition of the world
is a spiritual conditional heart
and people ask how God can allow this to
happen why doesn't a loving God do
something about it
my friends he has two thousand twenty
two years ago God did everything he
could possibly do
but Jesus Christ did not just die on a
cross to fix the Water Crisis or resolve
or hunger Jesus Christ did not just die
on the cross to fix the surface of other
problems but he came to fix the root of
the problem agree this selfishness the
bride the hatred that is at the heart of
every human being see we have Allied
before that it makes us a liar we have
stolen things that makes us a thief
we've misused the name of God who makes
this a blasphemer but Jesus said even
thinking another hateful thoughts
harboring any hatred towards another
human being within our soul is like
committing murder in the Father's Eyes
he said they're looking at another woman
with love towards her and our heart is
not committing it down the street that
means any bit of pornography is just as
bad as cheating on a wife so we are
guilty of breaking God's commands and my
friends will be the first one to admit
it that I have fallen short and I have
missed the mark and I am such desperate
needed the grace of God that God knew
when we were completely undeserving and
unworthy when you and I were dead in our
sin and our transgressions and our
iniquities it is then that God chose to
demonstrate his love
the gods of all your yet sinners Christ
died for us God sent an initiative
that he gave a gift a gift that we
cannot earn or deserve or work for a
gift that has been freely offered and
extended to every human being upon this
Earth
but we judge other people
we look down upon others facing their
flaws and their faults their regressed
and their past mistakes thinking that
we're not as bad of a person but one day
my friends we won't be compared to the
neighbor down the street we won't be
compared to the person in the cubicle at
the office next to us we will be
compelled to the savior of the world the
Son of God Jesus Christ who lived the
perfect life and God will uphold us to
the standard of perfection he has every
right to do so because we are made in
His image and he is perfect
but Jesus said I am the vine and you are
the branches if you remain in me and I
in you you will bear much fruit but
apart from me you can do nothing
just as a branch that becomes broken off
from its Vine it Withers up it dries out
its fruit falls off and it's thrown into
a fire so it is our life that when we
become severed from our source through
our sin all of our fruit falls off our
life becomes purposeless and worthless
and the only thing that we're useful for
is we burn and thrown into a fire
the lake
of teeth in Jesus Christ is coming back
soon these times are a sign or is
famine's disease pestilences are most
among the Nations but upon the yield
every person will be given an
opportunity to hear about his word and
God is revealing himself their dreams
through signs through Revelations that
every person will one day be without
excuse no one will be able to say on
that day God I didn't know what I hadn't
heard for God has made it publicly plain
and perfectly clear for all people to
see
it was not working in silence or in
secret behind the scenes God made it
publicly plain
but Jesus Christ came and was beaten so
brutally marked beyond recognition
stapled to a tree and crucified for you
and I that he cried out father forgive
them for they know not what they are
doing
dios knows
resistible
universities
[Laughter]
my friends the hardness of our hearts
the arrogance of our minds God will not
be impressed by the intellect or
athleticism God will not be surprised by
the way that we impress people he looks
at someone who is willing to have a
humble heart and when we hear the word
of God become upset it is because the
truth is too close to comfort
and we are uncomfortable
but when we hear the word of God
we respond in one of two ways with
hostility over humility when we respond
with hostility sticking up the finger or
swearing
see the name of Jesus Christ for so many
people's only a cuss word in a time of
contempt to express their frustration
but if that is the only time that we
call upon the name of Jesus Christ the
newest neighbor we call upon an hour of
most need
so we have an advocate one who is able
to give an account the innocent one who
is judged guilty so that the guilty ones
could want free that you and I are being
covered in the filth and stains of all
of our sin can be washed in the blood of
Jesus come now but it's reason with one
another though your sin it's dangerous
that is crimson and Scarlet the blood of
Jesus can wash us as white as snow he
could make the permanent damage and that
destruction we have caused towards our
soul and our spirit as though it had
never happened before
we can feel the breath in our lungs and
the beaten a heart and yo what are we
doing is gossiping about other people
beneath uh behind their back
if you are willing to call upon the name
of the Lord
if you're willing to lift up your voice
my friends let us declare with the
amount that Jesus is Lord and believe in
a heart that God raised him from the
dead
when you choose to respond with
genuineness in your heart it will lead
your life to change and God will fill
you with his very presence
God will come into your heart he will be
your lord he will be your Dad he'll be
your savior you'll be your very best
friend
no matter where the wickedness of this
world takes you
if you choose to turn away from it and
walk in the way of the Lord and hit his
word you will have lights Everlasting
call upon the name of Jesus
lift up his name while he can be found
in Jesus name amen